Usually, I love making Minecraft shorts,
but I'd give anything not to have to
make this one. It all began a year ago
when I joined a no armor hardcore server
called Naked and Afraid with a few other
content creators. Pathetically, I only
managed to last 6 minutes before I was
obliterated by a pillager. I used to be
the super flat guy, but ever since then,
I'm just the guy who died first in Naked
and Afraid. Everywhere I go on the
internet, people seem to taunt me for
it. But finally, I had a chance to
redeem myself because a month or two
ago, the gang announced it was time for
Naked and Afraid season 2. I've actually
gotten a lot better at the game since
last year, and this time there's 20
people, so my only goal was to not be
the first one out again. That being
said, this year it's ultra hardcore, so
there's no natural health regeneration,
which makes things a lot harder. Now,
this is normally the part of the short
where I tell you to go watch the related
video to find out what happened. But
honestly, all you have to do is look at
the posters that got made, and I think
you can figure it out. Everyone on the
server is supposed to advertise these
posters, but to tell you the truth, I
don't want any of you to have this image
on your wall at home. In fact, maybe we
could just forget I was ever on the
server. Can I please just be the super
flat guy